*pipejump* gem is a Ruby-based client for the API of the Pipejump sales app.

== Requirements

There are no dependencies required to use this code.

== Installation

The gem available via Rubygems. To install it, use the following command:


     sudo gem install pipejump


To get the latest version, clone the gem from github and run rake install:


     git clone http://github.com/pipejump/pipejump
     cd pipejump
     rake install


== Usage

Before using this gem you must require it by calling:

 
     require 'pipejump'


=== Session

To use the client, you must first authenticate the client with the API by initializing an instance of the Pipejump::Session class. You will later use this instance for communication with the API.


     @session = Pipejump::Session.new(:email => 'you@email.com', :password => 'your_password')


If the credentials are incorrect, this will raise a Pipejump::AuthenticationFailed error.

If authentication succeeds, this will return a new Pipejump::Session instance which you can use to communicate with the API.

As of version 0.1.1 you can use the token which is fetched when authenticating using the email and password. So once you get the token, you can use it for future initialization of the Session and not send the username and password, which is a more secure.

  @session = Pipejump::Session.new(:token => 'your_token')

Also, as of version 0.1.1 connection is performed over SSL.

For more information on the Session, consult the wiki page at http://github.com/pipejump/pipejump/wiki/Session

To access any resources, you need a valid Session instance, referred to as @session in the following examples.

=== Account

You can access your account by calling 


     @session.account


For more information, consult the wiki page at http://github.com/pipejump/pipejump/wiki/Account

=== Deals

You can access your deals by calling 


     @session.deals


With Deals you get access to Notes, Reminders and Deal Contacts.

For more information, consult the wiki page at http://github.com/pipejump/pipejump/wiki/Deals

=== Clients

You can access your clients by calling 


     @session.clients


For more information, consult the wiki page at http://github.com/pipejump/pipejump/wiki/Clients

=== Contacts

You can access your contacts by calling 


     @session.contacts


For more information, consult the wiki page at http://github.com/pipejump/pipejump/wiki/Contacts

=== Sources

You can access your sources by calling 


     @session.sources


For more information, consult the wiki page at http://github.com/pipejump/pipejump/wiki/Sources

== Contribution

You're more than welcome to fork and improve this gem. Usual rules:

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but
  bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Pipejump. See LICENSE for details.
